Hello. Hello.
Let's give them a few more minutes.
Sounds good.
Yes.
OK, guys, do you still,
are we still waiting for anybody from
your team members? Hey, Henry.
Hi Ella, how y'all doing?
Oh, good. How are you?
I'm good. I'm good. Thank you.
Um,
I think I had some team members that were
planning on showing up, but.
Let us wait then, because I think, yeah,
let's give it a few minutes.
I'm not sure.
Let me double check.
Uh.
OK.
OK,
so maybe we should start with the first
team then.
I'm good with that.
So Calvin, Marcus, do you guys,
do you want to start or you're waiting
for somebody?
I believe Noah was gonna join,
but we can go ahead if that works best.
You know, I'm fine. I'm multitasking.
So how about I'll continue doing what I'm
doing and then we'll give it another 5
minutes or less.
But I have multiple screens. Uh.
Here. So if you want to start earlier,
just yell at me, OK?
Because I don't see you.
Alright, sounds good. Thank you.
Uh, Calvin,
do you want me to shoot a message to Noah?
I'm sorry, Marcus, did you say something?
I was asking Calvin,
did he did he want me to shoot a message
to Noah right quick to see if he stole
comment? But can anyone hear me?
Yes.
OK.
Calvin, I'm just gonna. Well, OK,
I'll shoot. I'll shoot that off.
That'd be good.
So guys,
while we're waiting for Noah and other
team members, can you please tell me,
did you by any chance create the prompts
that you were planning to use to identify
the red flags?
I just wanted to test them on a couple of
transcripts manually.
I I don't believe we have.
At least Team One has yet.
Um, I don't think we have either.
That would be a better question for my
teammates.
OK, Calvin, Noah said he is.
He should be showing up,
but he didn't give like a a time.
Of how long he has until he hops on.
Sounds good. To just answer your question,
we haven't done any research in the the
prompt department yet.
We were able to get some initial just
pages done on the web app side of things.
Setting up the database.
Um.
OK, thanks. Yeah, sorry, let's start.
I'm asleep. OK, so IT team,
I think now you have two people, right?
So maybe you want to start.
I can, I can get us started.
I know for the flow for the power
automate,
we've gotten that pretty much done for
ingestion.
We would just like to confirm that you
will be putting.
A DVTT file in a folder.
Yes.
And then secondly, um,
what kind of reports were you expecting
on that last dashboard or what kind of
data did you expect to have modeled?
Oh, you know,
I don't have any preferences.
You guys show me what my options are.
What would you recommend if you were
Capstone Professor, for example?
OK.
Probably something.
So we're talking reports or what we see
on the dashboard.
What you would be seeing on the dashboard?
So yeah,
on the dashboard obviously I want
probably to filter either I want to see
all the meetings this semester or all the
meetings that are configured or I I want
to be able to like filter maybe.
And only see one recurring meeting,
like only one specific capstone and all
the meetings meetings for this capstone.
Because for example,
if I'm the instructor,
I will probably only want to see one.
And then that's in the filtering and then
I want to see this meetings and um.
You know,
obviously the day and time of when this
occurrence happened, total duration,
number of participants.
Then I want to see attendance flags like
if my team was represented.
If sponsors were represented and if
student teams were represented,
and if not,
this should be a red flag and then I
should be able to see other red flags
related to, you know,
whatever you guys identified.
And then probably if I click,
I want to see the transcript.
Opening, you know, like a little icon,
something along these lines.
Does it make sense?
Yes.
Yes. And you know, yeah.
And if you guys have other checks that I
That's clear.
didn't mention,
please feel free to include them as well.
Because I don't remember what you're
checking for,
but obviously all the checks that you
perform,
I want to see the output on the screen
and if you can do color coding based on
like no red flags,
if everything was Gray then everything is
blue.
Otherwise you know you can get creative
and color code. Again,
all you have to do is probably put my
yourself in my shoes.
And you know,
very quickly see if there are any
problems.
All right. That sounds good. Thank you.
Thank you.
And As for our team,
I think that's all the questions we had.
Did we have any more Rakitra?
Not from my end.
I don't think we had any other question I
think kind of got answered.
Alright.
OK, so this was team two actually.
How about team one?
Yeah, um,
the first question we had was just,
you know,
pertaining to the dot uh VTT files.
Is it safe for us to assume the ones
being added to?
Um,
the just recordings directory or
subdirectories are exclusively for the
capstone? Or should in our flow, you know,
do additional filtering to ensure that
that's a transcript of a capstone project
instead of some other, you know,
transcript from a recording?
Well, you know, Calvin,
you're not ingesting all the files in
this directory, right? You will have some.
You will need to match the file to a
specific capstone.
OK.
So you will need to do.
For example we will preconfigure like 07
Yeah.
CCC capstone meeting,
CCC capstone and you know whatever CCC
capstone is a lame name,
but this is how you know people like
short names.
But anyway,
you will have it reconfigured somehow and
you guys tell me how probably admin will
enter this information and this is
something you will display on the screen.
So you will need some kind of filtering I
believe.
OK, sounds good.
I just wanted to make sure that was
happening in our flow instead of yours.
I wanted to be on the same page there. Um.
No. Yeah, it it can be happening in my.
It will definitely happen in my flow
because my flow will only filter.
Will only get the transcripts for for the
meetings that I tell it to to fetch.
However,
in your flow you will need to match the
file name to the something or will you
not?
I think it'll depend on how it gets
structured,
but we can have it just when a new file
arrives in the recordings folder,
specifically of extension dot you know
VTT or any subdirectories, right?
Yes, you know you're right,
but it will be more than extension.
It will also need to have a certain name
and convention match.
Yeah, I'll make sure it, you know,
we'll have some contain statement or some
sort of string type methods that will
ensure it's those capstone projects.
OK.
You know,
I'm thinking maybe I will keep the list
of all the capstones in the form of like
07 CCC like ID and and name.
In an Excel sheet so we can feed off the
same Excel,
my flow and your flow for example.
I got you and ensure that it just checked
that list.
Then.
Yes,
something like what I created to test my
flow was a very simple Excel and there
was a table with ID and capstone name 2
columns.
And I use those.
And I think I also had a meeting ID
because I was too lazy to go to the
Yeah.
calendar and fetch it.
But in you know in a grown up flow I
probably will do what you showed me to do
to go to the calendar and you know and
search for the meeting ID.
But bottom line is I have this.
List of project ID and project name and I
will be using it for for the for for
fashion of the recordings.
So you are more than welcome to use the
same Excel to to filter on your side and
do the transcript to capstone project
mapping.
No, I understand. Thank you.
Did I confuse you?
And you know, I can even put it.
We can even agree that it will be in the
same directory.
OK, I've.
Just tell the and the name.
Just make sure to put the semester and
the year into the file name.
Dogo.
That was my question.
I know our team might have compiled some
more given the time switch.
I'm unfortunately in the car right now.
Noah or Marcus,
are you able to like pull up those
questions or see if we had anything else?
OK, thank you.
I have some of them, yes.
Is is my sound coming through?
Say yes, yes.
I love you.
Yeah, um.
I think this is partially answered
already,
but one of our questions was definitely
we want to know to reduce like
hallucinations.
We want the LLM to have context for what
it's looking at.
So we would ask if we're gonna have to
store everything relevant.
And not just um.
What it is determined to be like relevant
like before our processing basically.
Um mhm.
So like how much?
What's the breadth of what we need to
ingest for the LM to have proper context?
Cool. You know, I don't know because I I,
you know,
I know very basic prompt engineering,
so you'll tell me.
We'll need to look into this.
I understand.
That sounds good.
I know it doesn't sound super helpful.
You know,
I can reach out to my network on LinkedIn
and see who is.
No, I mean.
I don't know if I have too many people
who are dealing with.
LLM prompt,
LLM hallucinations in the college.
There are definitely somebody.
Oh.
The problem is the only one I know really
don't like LLM,
so that's a bit of a problem.
Oh yeah.
No, it should be fine.
I I can't see that being a major issue,
Oh.
I think.
Because we'll have it inherent to like
our training anyways,
for the LLM to reduce this sort of thing
happening.
I'm I'm sure it's not an issue for us to
store an entire document 'cause it's not
that much of A computational difference
between documents aren't that big.
Yeah.
We're talking in ballpark.
I'm guessing it'd be a few kilobytes.
It'd be it'd be nothing,
no matter what we threw at it.
Which document specifically do you want
to feed into your LLM?
Nothing that well about Oxon.
Well,
I guess that's that's kind of baked into
the question is how much?
I didn't think how to work.
How much automation is involved in
getting context outside of the meeting
for the project?
Because there could be things unspoken
that are still relevant to like the
purview of the projects.
But the LLM.
May assume are missing is missing
information, but was just unspoken.
Give me an example.
Say if if if there was just something we
had gone over in person and had
established well in person and it just
went on,
it was just kind of left on the table,
the actual called LLM.
It wasn't present for our context in
person, so.
I guess.
I guess so you just the user would just
have to be aware that the system.
Is acting on what it can,
I guess is me answering my own question,
Wait, I'm OK, go ahead.
but yeah, I just.
Henry, are you trying to answer?
Sorry.
Yeah,
I'm trying to understand the the question
in general, right?
Just help me out here if I'm on,
if I'm tracking what you're saying,
you're asking what information you want
the LLM to be able to produce from the
documents you give it, right?
Is that what you're asking?
The the question as written is the LLM
may not have context for what it's
looking at,
so we may have to store the entire
No.
document and not a smaller curated
version from just the the one meeting.
OK,
I think the the the the way to approach
this is first of all look at OK by
documents.
What you what kind of document are we
talking about here?
Is it a transcript of the recordings or
the recording itself?
Uh, just the uh transcript.
OK, if it's gonna be the transcript,
then I think at a very foundational level.
We can if we can extract um.
I'll I'll say we we can extract the.
Of course the meeting ID will be part of
it.
The summary of the of the transcript
should be part of it as well.
The maybe action item I I'm not sure
there are different variables to to go
about it,
but I think at the foundational level
I agree.
these are some things to consider.
And then you really don't need to train
the LM based on all of these things.
That would be like that would be way too
much and it will create room for
hallucination and drift.
So I would say if you can just take your
time with your team and breakdown what
you feel would be relevant to the project
in terms of the variables to get from the.
You want the LM to extract from the
transcript and then structure everything
with Jason so that that way you can
expect the same results from the same
prompt. Does that make sense?
That doesn't make sense. Thank you.
That that that does come.
No.
Alright.
OK.
And again,
you know you're not judged by how
accurate your AI acts and how well your
your LLM is trained.
We want to see the working prototype of
the entire idea.
OK.
And you know if it had it's here and
there,
Makes sense.
of course you know if just make try to
make the prompts or the knowledge base
accessible so that I can change it
without like without rebuilding your
executable.
Well, if it's in Python,
that's interpreter anyway,
but you see what I mean.
Like if all these external documents are
not hard coded within which they
shouldn't, but yeah, you know,
sitting in some directory and what's not
and I can press.
The button as an admin,
I can copy a new document there and press
a button on the GUI saying ingest or like
re ingest and it does it and they can
play with it.
That's perfect because even if you
trained it for five years,
it still will need to be fine-tuned at
some point.
Yeah.
So you know,
maybe keep the prompt as an ex as an
Excellent.
external text file.
And let the user play with it.
And then you know whether or not it
hallucinates or not is the least of your
concern, because it's not your problem.
It's a problem with the user who didn't
put the right text file there.
No, exactly.
I I I I actually do effectively this for
um.
For work a lot of the time is I have uh
this is this is the thing is like this
Mhm.
like this relevant so.
Like actual experience with this because
I have different uh readme dot MD's for
different models uh for work uh to to try
to.
Mm-hmm.
Be aware of different models weaknesses
and try to fight against them a little a
little bit and it it tangibly helps and
basically having that and let the user
have access to it for this I think is a
big is a big deal.
Yeah, and again, you know,
say you're using a prompt and this prompt
is, I don't know, 1000 characters,
blah blah.
Right,
so you can have it embedded in your code
or and I'm sorry about the camera.
I have a weird, weird technical problem.
I'll tell you later about it,
but you can keep the same prompt as 1000
characters.
Blah blah in a Jason file.
And you can put documentation saying Dear
user, this is where your prompt is.
Whenever you need to tweak it,
this is how you do it.
You open it in the text editor,
you make changes, you save it.
And then you can put something super
basic for the proof of concept
demonstration,
and later it's up to your user to play
with this prompt and make it more,
you know, more suitable.
It's their responsibility.
It's their responsibility at the end of
Exactly, yeah.
As long as you provide this, you know,
the day.
and not like hard coded within your code,
it's that's it.
It's a configuration problem.
Yeah, and my technical problem.
Sorry about that. I don't have headphones.
It does cut.
So yeah,
so as I have to be very close to my
monitor and yell into,
I don't even know where the mic is and
Yeah.
then you can hear me.
And if I switch on the camera,
you don't see me because I'm too close to
the.
Futer.
And if I go far enough for you to see me,
then you're not able to hear me.
I see.
I'll show you. So like this,
you can hear me. Like this,
you can see me, but you can't hear me.
So that's why I don't even bother with
They just you can't win right now.
You can't.
the camera.
No, I can have win.
And besides they told me if I install
some weird updates that the mic slash
headphones are going to work,
but I cannot find which update I'm
missing.
So yeah, that's why you cannot send.
But yeah, let it be our biggest problem.
So anything else guys? Yes.
And I spoke to your ITS this morning and
finally I think I got them understand why
we need graph API license.
I think.
So they're still trying to to tell me, oh,
why do you need the graphic?
Maybe you can use another like.
Uh.
HTML call or something. But I told them,
yeah sure,
grab my flow which currently isn't
working because it needs a premium
license and show me how you can make the
same happen without and they're working
on it.
But if I hear back from them and they
tell me that we can do it without.
License.
I would be so tickled I'll let you know.
If not,
they will just approve the license
purchase.
I see.
Thank you.
OK, so let's keep in touch next week.
If you need a meeting, let me know.
Otherwise we're not meeting next week
because it's a spring break.
I forgot that was coming up.
I know the only reason I remember is
because I'm not having other meetings,
OK.
which is wonderful.
But if you need me, let me know I'm here.
Thank you very much.
Mm-hmm. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Sounds good. Thank you.
Will do. Thank you.
Thank. Thank you.
OK. Thank you so much. Bye.
Have a good night. Thank you.
OK.